README.md, before:

# python-primer-companion-code
**Note:** This repository is still under construction. A link to the class will be posted here, when it is ready.

These are Code examples for the DeveloperWorks Watson Python Primer Video class. The class teaches
how to get started with the Watson Developer Cloud services using Django and Flask running both on and outside
of Bluemix. 

## Episode 1 : [Application Shell and Language Identification](/episode-1/README.md)
This episode guides you through the process of creating Django and Flask application shells, how to debug, 
switch on logging and consume the Watson Language Identification service using the python SDK.

## Episode 2 : [Language Translation](/episode-2/README.md)
This episode shows how to use the Language Translation service to identify available translations and if available
translate the submitted text into a language that your application is able to process.

## Episode 3 : [Natural Language Classification](/episode-3/README.md)

## Episode 4 : Coming soon

Commit message:

updated README.md with description of episode 3

README.md, after:

# python-primer-companion-code
**Note:** This repository is still under construction. A link to the class will be posted here, when it is ready.

These are Code examples for the DeveloperWorks Watson Python Primer Video class. The class teaches
how to get started with the Watson Developer Cloud services using Django and Flask running both on and outside
of Bluemix. 

## Episode 1 : [Application Shell and Language Identification](/episode-1/README.md)
This episode guides you through the process of creating Django and Flask application shells, how to debug, 
switch on logging and consume the Watson Language Identification service using the python SDK.

## Episode 2 : [Language Translation](/episode-2/README.md)
This episode shows how to use the Language Translation service to identify available translations and if available
translate the submitted text into a language that your application is able to process.

## Episode 3 : [Natural Language Classification](/episode-3/README.md)
This episode shows how to use the Natural Language service to identify an intent or meaning as a classification of 
of the submitted text.

## Episode 4 : Coming soon
